---
layout: layout.njk
---

# AndreuBotella.com

Hi. I'm Andreu Botella (pronouns he/they), a full-stack web developer and
contributor to web standards and web browsers. I currently work on the Web
Platform team at [Igalia](https://igalia.com), focusing on layout on the
[Chromium](https://www.chromium.org/Home/) browser engine (which powers browsers
such as Google Chrome and Microsoft Edge).

My work on the web platform has included contributing to the
[WHATWG](https://whatwg.org) standards in formalizing the internals of how
character encodings are processed, getting browsers to agree on how to normalize
line breaks in form submissions, working on a precise definition of the
`multipart/form-data` enctype that can be used in web standards, and
contributing to standardizing and implementing the `line-clamp` CSS property.
Aside from my work on Chromium, I have also contributed to the
[Firefox](https://firefox.com) browser and to the [WebKit](https://webkit.org/)
browser engine (powering the Safari browser), as well as done extensive
contributions to the [Deno](https://deno.land) Javascript runtime.

My work on full-stack development has focused on the latest and greatest of the
web platform, with experience working with languages, runtimes and frameworks
such as Node.js, React, Next.js, Express.js and PHP.

Other interests of mine include math, physics, linguistics, music, and LGBTQ+
activism.

## Portfolio

// FIXME: Link to some of my work on web standards, browsers, Deno...

[A WIP definition of `multipart/form-data` for use
in web standards](/multipart-form-data)
([GitHub](https://github.com/andreubotella/multipart-form-data))

[A self-building and self-updating mirror of the CSS Working Group specifications](/csswg-auto-build)
([GitHub](https://github.com/andreubotella/csswg-auto-build))

Lightning talk on BlinkOn 17 (November 2022):
[Specifying `line-clamp`](https://youtu.be/39qvqvuJxT8?t=1757)
([slides](https://abotella.pages.igalia.com/blink-on-17-line-clamp/))
